Prepping the release branch (#10306)
microsoft/vscode-jupyter: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 2022.5.100 (7 June 2022)

### Enhancements

1. Document context keys for keybinding 'when' clauses.
   ([#6573](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/6573))
1. Alert boxes of the form `<div style="alert alert-danger">` are now styled as colored boxes, to match how they are in Jupyter.
   (thanks [Eric Wieser](https://github.com/eric-wieser/))

>    ([#8399](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/8399))

Reviewer: This issue isn't closed 🤔

Author: It should have been. I closed it.

1. Notify failures in connection to remote Jupyter Server only when connecting to those kernels.
   ([#9167](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/9167))
1. Show the export commands for non-python notebooks.
   ([#9571](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/9571))
1. Makes progress indicators appear for web extension when connecting to kernels.
   ([#9784](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/9784))
1. Support reopening a notebook in web browser and having it remember its original kernel.
   ([#9826](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/9826))
1. Allow usage of the jupyter API in stable builds so Juptyer Power Toys can use it.
   ([#9868](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/9868))
1. Support notebook debugging in the web extension.
   ([#9973](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/9973))
1. Support widgets that can be downloaded from a CDN in the web extension. Non CDN widgets will come later.
   ([#9984](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/9984))
1. Add editor context key support into the web extension.
   ([#9990](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/9990))

> 1. Fix problem with PYTHONNOUSERSITE being set even when not desired. There's a setting now that will set this environment variable on kernel launch if it's needed: 'jupyter.excludeUserSitePackages'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fix problem with `PYTHONNOUSERSITE` being set even when not desired. There's a setting now that will set this environment variable on kernel launch if it's needed: `jupyter.excludeUserSitePackages`.
```

how about these quotes?

Author: Will do

1. Fix problem with interactive window links being off by one.
   ([#10283](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/10283))

### Code Health

1. Add test to make sure if the active interpreter is switched, the interactive window switches to that interpreter.
   ([#5478](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/5478))
1. Add tests to verify notebook metadata is in a notebook.
   ([#5601](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/5601))
1. Add telemetry test to verify we output a specific set for different operations.
   ([#6883](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/6883))
1. Added a Performance test to test and ensure expected performance characteristics.
   ([#7437](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/7437))
1. Don't skip code completions when the server is busy. Instead let it timeout if the server doesn't come back.
   ([#9797](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/9797))
1. Add test for remote https jupyter servers.
   ([#9844](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/9844))
1. Create test for turning on old debugger tests and create a test for deleting tmp test files.

>    ([#10041](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode-jupyter/issues/10041))

Reviewer: This issue isn't closed, and it has a regression it seems.

Author: I'll remove it from the changelog.
